[rocBLAS] Users/torrezuk/rocm 1157 amd smi rocblas (#4353)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocblas/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
* Client build system now automatically builds AOCL 5.2 (AMD Optimizing CPU Libraries) from source on Linux for improved CPU BLAS performance. New `--skip-aocl` and `--clean-deps` flags added to `install.sh` for build control. New `LINK_BLIS` CMake option to control AOCL BLAS linking in client binaries.

> * amd-smi replaces deprecated rocm-smi dependency for `rocblas-bench` client functionality for clock frequency monitoring, e.g. `ROCBLAS_BENCH_FREQ`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* amd-smi replaces the deprecated rocm-smi dependency for `rocblas-bench` client functionality for clock frequency monitoring, for example, `ROCBLAS_BENCH_FREQ`.
```

Author: done

Author: Thanks for the quick review
